# GrimoireLab 0.10.0
The following list describes the changes by component:


  ## kidash 0.5.6 - (2023-05-17)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
## sortinghat 0.10.0 - (2023-05-17)

**New features:**

 * Show when tables are loading (#772)\
   The individuals and organizations tables now show a progress bar to
   indicate that the items are loading.
 * Organization profiles\
   Each organization's full profile is available by clicking its name on
   the table or at `/organization/<organization name>`. This view shows
   the organization's teams, members and domains.

**Bug fixes:**

 * Sort jobs from newest to oldest (#769)\
   The jobs page now sorts the list from newest to oldest to show running
   jobs first.
 * Unreadable large numbers in pagination (#770)\
   Large page numbers were not fully visible in the tables pagination.
 * Edit a profile name with the pencil button (#773)\
   Clicking on an invidual's name no longer activates the edition mode.
   The name can now be edited with the pencil button.
 * Fix enrollment in individual's profile\
   In the individual's profile, the button to add an organization was not
   working.
 * Job timeouts\
   Jobs failed because they exceeded the default timeout while running
   tasks involving numerous identities. To ensure successful completion,
   we adjusted the timeout setting to an infinite duration, allowing jobs
   to finish without interruptions.

**Breaking changes:**

 * Multi-tenancy using headers\
   Tenants are now selected using the `sortinghat-tenant` header instead
   of the host. Proxies and clients using multi-tenancy should include
   that header.

**Performance improvements:**

 * Performance improved for recommendations and merging jobs\
   The performance of the matching and merging algorithms that are used
   on these jobs have been considerably improved. These jobs will be 4
   times faster than on the previous version.
 * uWSGI threads and workers\
   Include two new environments variables to define the number of threads
   and workers for uWSGI. These new variables are
   `SORTINGHAT_UWSGI_WORKERS` and `SORTINGHAT_UWSGI_THREADS`
 * SortingHat database performance\
   Improve SortingHat performance when there are a lot of individuals in
   the database.

**Dependencies updateds:**

 * Update dependencies\
   Include google-auth as a dependency to fix release issues.



  ## perceval 0.21.7 - (2023-05-17)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-mozilla 0.3.11 - (2023-05-17)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-opnfv 0.2.11 - (2023-05-17)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-puppet 0.2.11 - (2023-05-17)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-weblate 0.2.11 - (2023-05-17)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## graal 0.4.9 - (2023-05-17)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
## grimoire-elk 0.105.0 - (2023-05-17)

**Breaking changes:**

 * SortingHat configuration\
   When SortingHat's multi-tenancy is enabled, the tenant is included in
   all clients during execution.

## sirmordred 0.8.0 - (2023-05-17)

**New features:**

 * Optional configuration for SortingHat\
   Include an optional configuration for SortingHat to define the name of
   the tenant when multi-tenancy is enabled.

**Bug fixes:**

 * Race condition initializing SirMordred\
   There was a race condition when SirMordred initializes. The thread
   that read the list of projects didn't have time to even start before
   the manager finalizes it, so data backends didn't have any have any
   input to work with. This bug was originally reported by ncsibra-lab49
   on
   [grimoirelab#585](https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab/issues/585).

