# GrimoireLab 0.11.0-rc.1
The following list describes the changes by component:

  ## grimoirelab-toolkit 0.3.5-rc.1 - (2023-06-22)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## kidash 0.5.7-rc.1 - (2023-06-22)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
## sortinghat 0.11.0-rc.1 - (2023-06-22)

**New features:**

 * Merge organizations (#571)\
   Merging organizations automatically moves all the domains, teams and
   enrollments to the target organization. This is helpful in case an
   organization has duplicates or if an organization absorbs another one.
   Organizations can be merged using drag and drop on the user interface.
 * Recommendations by individual (#779)\
   Users can generate matching recommendations for a specific individual
   by clicking on the drop down menu on each individual or on the
   individual's profile.

**Bug fixes:**

 * Show hidden buttons when the mouse is over the table row (#787)\
   The buttons to lock an individual or mark it as a bot were only
   visible when the mouse wass over the individual's name, which made it
   hard to find them. Now they appear when the mouse is over the table
   row.
 * Email affiliation error (#793)\
   Fix an error when the email domain ends with a dot, causing the
   affiliation process to stop.
 * Enrollment filter on organizations view\
   Filtering individuals by their affiliation to an organization also
   returned results of organizations that contained that name. The filter
   now only returns organizations that match the exact name.
 * ADD button doesn't affiliate individuals to organizations\
   Affiliating an individual to an organization using the "+ ADD" button
   on the table expanded view failed.

  ## cereslib 0.4.1-rc.1 - (2023-06-22)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies

## perceval 0.22.0-rc.1 - (2023-06-22)

**New features:**

 * Git backend alternates mechanism\
   Git alternates is a mechanism that lets a repository borrow objects
   from another repository on the same machine.  Allow to execute Git
   Perceval backend using this mechanism.

  ## perceval-mozilla 0.3.12-rc.1 - (2023-06-22)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-opnfv 0.2.12-rc.1 - (2023-06-22)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-puppet 0.2.12-rc.1 - (2023-06-22)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-weblate 0.2.12-rc.1 - (2023-06-22)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## graal 0.4.10-rc.1 - (2023-06-22)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
## grimoire-elk 0.106.0-rc.1 - (2023-06-22)

**Performance improvements:**

 * Refreshing identities performance\
   Decrease the time required to execute the autorefresh process by
   reducing the number of queries to SortingHat.

## sirmordred 0.9.0-rc.1 - (2023-06-22)

**Performance improvements:**

 * Refreshing identities performance\
   Decrease the time required to execute the autorefresh process by
   reducing the number of queries to SortingHat.

