# GrimoireLab 0.22.0
The following list describes the changes by component:

  ## grimoirelab-toolkit 0.4.3 - (2024-03-01)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## kidash 0.6.7 - (2024-03-01)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
## sortinghat 0.21.0 - (2024-03-01)

**New features:**

 * Dedicated queues in multi-tenancy\
   This new feature allows to run jobs in dedicated queues when multi-
   tenancy is active. Therefore, tenants that require more computing
   time, can run in a separate environment without taking the resources
   of others. This new feature changes the format of the `tenants.json`
   file, so please update it before you install this new version. You can
   find more info about how to configure it in the `README.md` file.

**Bug fixes:**

 * Match recommendations job fixed\
   Fix the bug in recommend matches jobs that was causing it not to
   recommend any matches.

**Dependencies updateds:**

 * Drop support of Node.js <18\
   Versions 14 to 16 of Node.js are no longer mantained. The current
   supported versions are 18 to 20.

  ## cereslib 0.5.4 - (2024-03-01)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies

## perceval 0.24.0 - (2024-03-01)

**New deprecations:**

 * NNTP backend deprecated\
   NNTP is deprecated. It is not compatible with Python 3.11.8 and will
   be removed in a future version.

  ## perceval-mozilla 0.4.1 - (2024-03-01)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-opnfv 0.2.23 - (2024-03-01)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-puppet 0.2.23 - (2024-03-01)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-weblate 0.2.23 - (2024-03-01)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## graal 0.4.23 - (2024-03-01)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
## grimoire-elk 0.110.0 - (2024-03-01)

**New features:**

 * Kitsune raw mapping updated\
   Update the mapping for Kitsune backend to fix an error inserting
   Perceval items in the raw index when the field 'data.metadata.value'
   is too big.

  ## sirmordred 0.10.9 - (2024-03-01)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
