## GrimoireLab 0.3.0 - (2022-06-07)

**Feature removals:**

 * Drop Python 3.6 support\
   Python 3.6 has reached the end of life in Dec 2021. This means it
   won't receive any further patches to fix the secutiry issues. So,
   dropping the support of 3.6 and it now supports Python>=3.7 version
   only.

**New components:**

 * grimoirelab-toolkit 0.3.0
 * perceval 0.18.0
 * perceval-mozilla 0.3.0
 * perceval-opnfv 0.2.0
 * perceval-puppet 0.2.0
 * perceval-weblate 0.2.0
 * graal 0.3.0
 * kingarthur 0.2.0
 * sortinghat 0.7.20
 * cereslib 0.3.0
 * grimoire-elk 0.101.1
 * sigils 0.1.0
 * sirmordred 0.3.0
 * kidash 0.5.0

The following list describes the changes by component:

### Perceval

**New features:**

 * [bugzillarest] API Key authentication\
   A new authentication is available in the `bugzillarest` backend using
   an API Key. This can be provided using the parameter `--api-key` on
   the command line. Note that this parameter will invalidate `--backend-
   user` `--backend-password`, and `--api-token` parameters. For
   developers, this parameter is also available during the initialization
   of the class `BugzillaRESTClient` under the name `api_key`.
 * Confluence supports fetch by spaces\
   This allows fetching confluence by specific spaces. By default it will
   fetch the entire instance, but adding the `--spaces` argument will
   fetch only these spaces.

### Graal

**Bug fixes:**

 * Fix error in update worktree\
   Graal wasn't working with the latest version of Git 2.35.1 because it
   protects braches checked out in all worktrees. This change renames the
   branch created when creating a worktree to fix the issue.
   
### Sorting Hat

**Bug fixes:**

 * [gitdm] Skip invalid format lines\
   Gitdm parser won't fail reading files with an invalid format. Instead,
   it will ignore invalid content.

### GrimoireELK

**New features:**

 * Anonymize parameters\
   A new API function `anonymize_params(params)` allows to anonymize a
   list of parameters that developers might consider secrets. It will
   only take effect for those parameters which their names are defined on
   `SECRET_PARAMETERS` constant.
 * Dependencies file for development\
   Include a new requirements.txt file to install the development version
   from the repositories.
 * Support to add identities to SortingHat from Enrich class\
   New methods `add_identities` and `add_identity` are available on
   `Enrich` class to add new identities to a `SortingHat` database.
   Libraries using `elk` won't need to use `sortinghat` library to store
   new identities while enriching items.
 * Collect and enrich confluence by spaces\
   Users can collect and enrich Confluence data from specific spaces
   only, adding the option `--spaces=[SPACE1, SPACE2, ...]` to their
   `projects.json`. The following example shows how to collect and to
   enrich data from only the `DEV` and `SUPP` spaces only. ``` {
   "project": {         "confluence": [             "http://example.com
   --spaces=[DEV, SUPP]"         ]     } } ```
 * Add demographic study to mattermost\
   Add the demographic study to the mattermost data source.

**Bug fixes:**

 * Skip sources with wrong arguments\
   Sources won't interrupt collection or enrichment processes when any of
   their arguments are invalid. Instead, they will be skipped.
 * Git fix 'is_git_commit_multi_author'\
   This fixes the `is_git_commit_multi_author` field when the commit has
   more than one author and `pair-programming` is enabled. This is
   important for calculating `pair_programming_*` values.
 * SortingHat as a required package\
   SortingHat is required for running grimoireelk but it was set as an
   extra dependency. From now on sortinghat is always installed with
   grimoireelk.
 * Confluence credentials not stored in raw indexes\
   Credentials for Confluence datasource were stored in raw indices as
   part of the URL. For now on, credentials that are part of URLs are
   removed before any data is stored.
 * Pair programming regular expression improvement\
   The regular expression to detect pair programming authors in git
   datasource has been improved adding more connectors. The following
   list shows the current connectors: - `[aA][nN][dD]` - `&` - `+`
 * Fix fetching authors with min and max dates\
   The old query only returns 10000 items due to ElasticSearch and
   OpenSearch now use `composite` aggregation to paginate all buckets.

### Sir Mordred

**New features:**

 * Add extract spaces\
   Extract spaces from the URL. By default it will extract labels but
   adding `tag_type="spaces"` it will extract spaces.

**Bug fixes:**

 * Studies aliases relocated\
   Relocate studies aliases so they are not created automatically by
   Mordred.
 * Add pair-programming in '_get_enrich_backend' method\
   Add the `pair-programming` to the `_get_enrich_backend` method if it
   exists in the setup.cfg file.

**Feature removals:**

 * FINOS Meeting backend removed\
   FINOS Meeting backend is not supported anymore. The Perceval backend
   was archived in Bitergia repository so it shouldn't be part of the
   core anymore because it's software not maintained.

**Others:**

 * Add studies to the alias file\
   Add onion, areas of code, and demographics studies to the file
   aliases.json. This is needed to keep this file updated with the
   aliases we use in the dashboards by adding them to the appropiate data
   sources. The included aliases: - all_onion - git_areas_of_code -
   demographics
