## GrimoireLab 0.4.0 - (2022-06-29)

**New components:**

 * grimoirelab-toolkit 0.3.1
 * perceval 0.19.1
 * perceval-mozilla 0.3.1
 * perceval-puppet 0.2.1
 * perceval-opnfv 0.2.1
 * perceval-weblate 0.2.1
 * kingarthur 0.3.1
 * graal 0.3.1
 * elk 0.102.0
 * sirmordred 0.3.1

### Perceval

**New features:**

 * [confluence] Option `max_contents` to limit the number of requested contents\
   This parameter sets the maximum number of contents requested per
   query. By default, this number is 200, but this can be changed by
   adding the `--max-contents` argument. This will help to bypass those
   instances where the maximum limit is lower than Perceval's default
   value.

**Bug fixes:**

 * [confluence] KeyError exception when arguments not passed to 'fetch_items'\
   Required arguments that weren't passed to 'fetch_items' made the code
   fail with a KeyError exception.
 * [bugzillarest] Failback when checking custom instances\
   Some Bugzilla instances return a HTTP 400 error when checking if their
   are custom instances or not. On those cases, the backend will capture
   the error and consider the version of that Bugzilla instance as
   custom.
 * [slack] Slack identifier extraction fixed\
   Extract the identifier without user information when the user was
   deleted.

### GrimoireELK

**Bug fixes:**

 * Poetry build version updated\
   The current version of the `poetry` builder was old and caused some
   problems when installing packages in developer mode. With this new
   version, it's possible to install ELK in developer or editable mode
   without using `setuptools` files (i.e. `setup.cfg` and `setup.py`).
