# GrimoireLab 0.5.0-rc.1
The following list describes the changes by component:


## kidash 0.5.1-rc.7 - (2022-09-26)

**Others:**

 * Update Poetry dependencies\
   Update package dependencies for the new release.
## sortinghat 0.7.21-rc.6 - (2022-09-26)

**Others:**

 * Update package dependencies\
   Update jinja2 package and dev-dependencies.
## cereslib 0.3.2-rc.4 - (2022-09-26)

**Others:**

 * Update package dependencies\
   Update numpy version to be the same as in sortinghat

## perceval 0.20.0-rc.15 - (2022-09-26)

**New features:**

 * [phabricator] Skip a list of items by id\
   Perceval will not fetch the items set with the `--blacklist-ids`
   argument. In the following example, `perceval` will skip the items
   with ids `123` and `456`: ``` perceval phabricator <PHAB_URL> -t
   <API_TOKEN> --blacklist-ids 123 456 ```






## grimoire-elk 0.103.0-rc.10 - (2022-09-26)

**New features:**

 * git-branches study skip uncloned repo\
   The git-branches study skips the repository when it is not cloned and
   continues with the next one.
 * Configurable study aliases\
   Before this fix, the name of the study aliases was hard coded. From
   now on, these values can be configured by passing them as parameters.
 * Entry points to support enriching plugin mechanism\
   This plugin mechanism allows ELK to use third-party enriching
   backends. Developers only need to include the next snippet in their
   package configuration and ELK will import them as any other core
   backend.  ``` entry_points={"grimoire_elk": "mybackend =
   package.subpackage:get_connectors"}, ``` **NOTE**: In the previous
   example, `get_connectors` is a function that returns the backend
   classes needed to enrich a datasource. Take the next snipped as an
   example: ``` def get_connectors():     return {"backend": [MyBackend,
   MyBackendOcean, MyBackendEnrich, MyBackendCommand]} ```

**Bug fixes:**

 * [raw/slack] Handle fields in "data.file"\
   Avoid the 'Failed to insert data to ES' error when a document contains
   at least one immense term in 'data.file' (whose UTF8 encoding is
   longer than the max length 32766).
## sirmordred 0.4.0-rc.1 - (2022-09-26)

**New features:**

 * Configurable study names and aliases\
   Study aliases and names can be set in the configuration file using the
   keyword `studies_aliases`. The following snippet shows an example of
   configuration. i.e. In this `aliases.json` file the name of the study
   is `enrich_onion` and the name of the alias is `all_onion` ```
   "studies_aliases": {     "enrich": [       {         "alias":
   "all_onion",         "name": "enrich_onion"       },       ...     ] }
   ```

**Bug fixes:**

 * [git] pair-programming activation fixed\
   Git pair-programming can be activated if the data source contains a
   tag like `[git:pair]`
 * Study selection fixed\
   This fix solves the problem of executing the studies with no
   associated aliases.
