# GrimoireLab 0.9.0
The following list describes the changes by component:

  ## grimoirelab-toolkit 0.3.4 - (2023-04-21)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## kidash 0.5.4 - (2023-04-21)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
## sortinghat 0.9.0 - (2023-04-21)

**New features:**

 * Set top domain from UI (#729)\
   Add the option to set an organization's domain as top domain from the
   UI.
 * Order individuals by indentities (#732)\
   Adds the option to order the individuals by the number of identities
   they have.
 * Import identities automatically (#746)\
   Create a schema to import identities to SortingHat automatically using
   custom backends. The jobs will be executed periodically, at the given
   interval.  The tasks can be configured using the GraphQL API.  To
   create a custom importer you need to extend `IdentitiesImporter`,
   define a `NAME` for your importer (that will be used in the UI), and
   implement `get_identities` method that returns a list of individuals
   with the related identities that will be imported into SortingHat. If
   your importer requires extra parameters, you must extend the
   `__init__` method with the required parameters. Those parameters can
   be defined using the API.
 * Create account command\
   Include a new command to create users in SortingHat. The command can
   be executed as `sortinghat-admin create-user`.
 * Drag and drop to enroll in teams\
   Expanding an organization on the table now shows the full list of
   teams. Individuals can be dragged and dropped into a team and
   viceversa to affiliate them. The buttons to add, edit and delete
   organization and team information are reorganized into a dropdown menu
   to simplify the interface.
 * Multi-tenancy mode\
   SortingHat allows hosting multiple instances with a single service
   having each instance's data isolated in different databases. To enable
   this feature follow these guidelines: - Set `MULTI_TENANT` settings to
   `True`. - Define the tenants in `sortinghat/config/tenants.json`. -
   Assign users to tenants with `sortinghat-admin set-user-tenant`
   command.
 * Verify SSL option for client\
   Include an option for the client to verify if the certificate is
   valid. By default it is verified.

**Bug fixes:**

 * Fix outdated recommendation count (#733)\
   The number of remaining recommendations on the UI was wrong each time
   a recommendation was applied or dismissed.
 * Fix search syntax link (#735)\
   Fixes the link to the search syntax page on the search bar.

**Feature removals:**

 * Groups table removed from the UI\
   Groups and organizations are very similar, and having both tables in
   the dashboard can be confusing to users. To simplify the view, the
   table is removed from the user interface, but groups remain available
   through the API.

## cereslib 0.4.0 - (2023-04-21)

**New features:**

 * Support for more languages and file types\
   The library is able to detect the new file formats and language
   formats. This list includes JavaScript, TypeScript, Terraform, among
   others.


## perceval 0.21.4 - (2023-04-21)

**Bug fixes:**

 * Default value for mbox to-date (#810)\
   Include a default value for `--to-date` argument in mbox backend.

  ## perceval-mozilla 0.3.8 - (2023-04-21)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-opnfv 0.2.8 - (2023-04-21)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-puppet 0.2.8 - (2023-04-21)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-weblate 0.2.8 - (2023-04-21)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
## graal 0.4.5 - (2023-04-21)

**Dependencies updateds:**

 * Update package dependencies\
   Update package dependencies and pin `markdown-it-py` to a specific
   version.

## grimoire-elk 0.104.3 - (2023-04-21)

**Bug fixes:**

 * Fix typo in SortingHat fields\
   Some fields were not updated from the old version of SortingHat. Now
   the API returns 'isBot' and 'genderAcc' instead of 'is_bot' and
   'gender_acc'.

**Breaking changes:**

 * Define date format for Git documents\
   Git by default uses a custom date format that is not recognized by
   Elastic/OpenSearch.  Specify the format for the AuthorDate and
   CommitDate fields in Git documents to support the formats usually
   returned by `git log`.  This allows us to do proper filtering on these
   fields such as "all documents with CommitDate before 2020".
 * Update support for ES/OS versions > 7.X/1.X\
   Currently the support for ES/OS versions > 7.X/1.X is broken due to a
   faulty version check.  Add a static method to the Elasticsearch object
   that correctly checks whether the version is 'legacy' (defined as ES
   6.X or OS 0.X) and adds this check to various places in the codebase.
   Additionally, fixes an instance where `interval` is used instead of
   `fixed_interval`. `interval` was deprecated in ES7.

## sirmordred 0.7.0 - (2023-04-21)

**New features:**

 * SirMordred logs available on console\
   All SirMordred logs are now available on the console output. The
   `logs_dir` parameter in the `general` section is optional and it is
   only needed if you also want the logs in a file.
 * SortingHat option to verify SSL\
   Include `verify_ssl` option to SortingHat configuration to verify the
   connection with the server. By default it is `True`.

