# GrimoireLab 1.2.0
The following list describes the changes by component:

  ## grimoirelab-toolkit 1.0.2 - (2024-06-21)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## kidash 1.0.2 - (2024-06-21)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
## sortinghat 1.0.2 - (2024-06-21)

**Bug fixes:**

 * Match source parameter fixed in recommendations (#875)\
   Resolve an issue where the "match source" option in unify and
   recommendation jobs was being applied to both emails and names. With
   this update, this option will now only apply to usernames.
   Additionally, users can utilize name and email simultaneously without
   the constraint of applying the "match source" option across all
   parameters.
 * Organizations aliases in Python client\
   Include the aliases field in the organizations query that was missing
   in the SortingHat client schema.

  ## cereslib 1.0.2 - (2024-06-21)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
## grimoirelab-panels 1.1.0 - (2024-06-21)

**New features:**

 * Panels compatible with Opensearch Dashboards\
   Include panels compatible with Opensearch Dashboards version >= 1.3.2.

## perceval 1.0.2 - (2024-06-21)

**Bug fixes:**

 * Empty stats for moved/copied files in git\
   Stats about changes on a file were not reported correctly for files
   that where moved to a subdirectory. They were reported as an invalid
   entry and without action associated. For example, the file
   `dir/filename` was moved to `dir/subdir/filename`, but it was reported
   as `dir//filename`. Therefore, the entry of the file
   `dir/subdire/filename` didn't have the stats about added and deleted
   lines. This error has been fixed and stats are reported correctly.

  ## perceval-mozilla 1.0.2 - (2024-06-21)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-opnfv 1.0.2 - (2024-06-21)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-puppet 1.0.2 - (2024-06-21)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-weblate 1.0.2 - (2024-06-21)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## graal 1.0.2 - (2024-06-21)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
## grimoire-elk 1.1.1 - (2024-06-21)

**Bug fixes:**

 * Kitsune mapping updated\
   Kitsune raw mapping was incorrectly defined with `dynamic: false` in
   the data attribute.

  ## sirmordred 1.0.2 - (2024-06-21)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
