# GrimoireLab 1.5.0-rc.1
The following list describes the changes by component:


  ## kidash 1.0.5-rc.1 - (2024-08-30)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
## sortinghat 1.3.0-rc.1 - (2024-08-30)

**New features:**

 * Remove merge recommendations (#883)\
   Recommendations can now be deleted from the database and not just
   dismissed. This is useful in case there are too many recommendations
   to handle manually.
 * Merge organizations when adding an alias (#913)\
   When adding an alias on an organization's page, if the new alias is an
   existing organization, users now have the option to merge them. This
   is useful in cases where organizations can't be merged using drag and
   drop.
 * User permissions per tenant\
   Update the permissions system to allow assigning permissions to users
   based on the tenant they are accessing. The command `sortinghat-admin
   set-group` has been renamed to `sortinghat.-admin set-permissions`.

**Bug fixes:**

 * Duplicated GitHub links (#912)\
   The link to an individual's GitHub profile no longer appears several
   times when there is more than one GitHub identity.
 * Connection closed when job is executed\
   RQ workers create a fork to run the jobs. The issue arises when, after
   completing the job, the MariaDB logs display the warning: `Aborted
   connection to db. Got an error reading communication packets`. This
   change ensures the database connection is closed before the fork ends,
   preventing the warning from appearing.



## perceval 1.0.6-rc.1 - (2024-08-30)

**Bug fixes:**

 * Fix issue #782 (#782)\
   The issue was that perceval would not delete old tags from upstream
   references. This change deletes tags locally if tags are deleted
   upstream.

  ## perceval-mozilla 1.0.6-rc.1 - (2024-08-30)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-opnfv 1.0.6-rc.1 - (2024-08-30)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-puppet 1.0.6-rc.1 - (2024-08-30)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-weblate 1.0.6-rc.1 - (2024-08-30)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## graal 1.0.6-rc.1 - (2024-08-30)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
## grimoire-elk 1.1.5-rc.1 - (2024-08-30)

**Bug fixes:**

 * Git branches study improved\
   Previously, while the branches study was running, the `branches` field
   remained empty or partially filled until the study was completed,
   leading to incorrect data being displayed on the dashboard. With this
   change, the branches field is updated only after the study has
   finished.

## sirmordred 1.1.0-rc.1 - (2024-08-30)

**Performance improvements:**

 * Reduced the number of connections to SortingHat\
   Mordred makes a lot of connections to the SortingHat server which
   could cause the uWSGI queue to fill up. When the uWSGI queue is full,
   Mordred cannot connect to the SortingHat server.

