# GrimoireLab 1.7.0-rc.1
The following list describes the changes by component:

  ## grimoirelab-toolkit 1.0.6-rc.1 - (2024-10-14)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## kidash 1.0.7-rc.1 - (2024-10-14)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
## sortinghat 1.5.0-rc.1 - (2024-10-14)

**New features:**

 * Mark individuals as reviewed\
   Individuals can now be marked as reviewed to keep track of which
   profiles have already been checked and when. A profile can be marked
   as reviewed more than once, it will show the date of the last review.
   If there have been any changes to the profile data since the last
   review, the review button displays a warning icon. The list of
   individuals can be filtered by whether they have been reviewed and by
   their review date. The list can also be ordered by review date.

**Bug fixes:**

 * Wrong arrong direction when merging recommendations (#934)\
   When recommendations were merged, the arrow showing the direction of
   the merge was wrong. It showed `foo → bar` but the resulting identity
   will be named `foo` instead of `bar`. The arrow now points in the
   other direction showing that `bar` will be merged on `foo`.

  ## cereslib 1.0.6-rc.1 - (2024-10-14)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies

  ## perceval 1.0.8-rc.1 - (2024-10-14)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-mozilla 1.0.8-rc.1 - (2024-10-14)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-opnfv 1.0.8-rc.1 - (2024-10-14)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-puppet 1.0.8-rc.1 - (2024-10-14)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-weblate 1.0.8-rc.1 - (2024-10-14)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## graal 1.0.8-rc.1 - (2024-10-14)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
## grimoire-elk 1.3.0-rc.1 - (2024-10-14)

**New features:**

 * Keywords data on enriched items\
   Keywords field is included now on the enriched items of bugzilla and
   bugzillarest indices.
 * New reponse times on bugzilla items\
   The Bugzilla enriched items include two new fields to track response
   times on these type of repositories. The field
   `time_to_first_attention` is the the time expressed in days between
   the ticket creation and the first comment from a contributor different
   from the author creating the bug. The field `last_comment_date` is the
   date of the last comment posted in the bug.

**Bug fixes:**

 * All references processed for the reference analysis study\
   The `enrich_reference_analysis` study analyzes the cross-references
   between "issues" and "pull request". When we use an aggregations
   query, it returns only the first 10 items (ElasticSearch/OpenSearch by
   default). By using 'composite aggregations', we can paginate the
   result and thus, obtain all the references.

  ## sirmordred 1.1.2-rc.1 - (2024-10-14)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
