# GrimoireLab 2.0.0-rc.1
The following list describes the changes by component:

  ## grimoirelab-toolkit 1.0.10-rc.1 - (2025-04-08)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## kidash 1.0.11-rc.1 - (2025-04-08)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
## sortinghat 1.7.0-rc.1 - (2025-04-08)

**New features:**

 * More detailed individual information  when reviewing recommendations (#936)\
   The "Review recommendations" functionality now shows a list of the
   individuals' usernames and email addresses to help compare them more
   easily without needing to expand the information each time.
 * Renamed recommendations view labels (#954)\
   The text of the buttons on the recommendations view was changed to
   make the actions to be performed clearer.
 * Improved session cookie security\
   Session cookies are now sent with the `Secure` attribute to protect
   them from attacks. By default, the cookies expire after 30 minutes of
   user inactivity. This configuration can be changed in the
   `settings.py` file.
 * More icons for sources\
   The user interface now has icons for Confluence, Jenkins, Phabricator,
   Meetup and Gerrit. This prevents from grouping them into "other
   sources".

**Bug fixes:**

 * Wrong order of affiliations (#955)\
   Multiple affiliations to the same company caused a wrong order in the
   list of organizations at the individual's profile. All affiliations
   are now sorted by date.

  ## cereslib 1.0.10-rc.1 - (2025-04-08)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies

## perceval 2.0.0-rc.1 - (2025-04-08)

**Feature removals:**

 * NNTP backend removed for Python > 3.13\
   nntplib is no longer part of the Python standard library. It was
   removed in Python 3.13 after being deprecated in Python 3.11 (PEP
   594). This version raises an exception when trying to use the NNTP
   backend and nntplib package is not available.

  ## perceval-mozilla 1.0.12-rc.1 - (2025-04-08)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-opnfv 1.0.12-rc.1 - (2025-04-08)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-puppet 1.0.12-rc.1 - (2025-04-08)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## perceval-weblate 1.0.12-rc.1 - (2025-04-08)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## graal 1.1.3-rc.1 - (2025-04-08)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## grimoire-elk 1.3.5-rc.1 - (2025-04-08)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
  ## sirmordred 1.1.7-rc.1 - (2025-04-08)
  
  * Update Poetry's package dependencies
